Add a link to the #mimir Slack channel (#1731)
grafana/mimir: README.md

If you have any questions or feedback regarding Grafana Mimir, join the [Grafana Mimir Discussion](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/discussions). Alternatively, consider joining the monthly [Grafana Mimir Community Call](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E4jJcGicvLTyMEY6cUFFZUg_I8ytrBuW8r5yt1LyMv4).

> Your feedback is always welcome, and you can also share it via the [`#mimir` Slack channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T05675Y01/C039863E8P7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your feedback is always welcome, and you can also share it via the [`#mimir` Slack channel](https://slack.grafana.com/).
```

Reviewer: We should link https://slack.grafana.com/ to let people join our community Slack workspace. I'm going to pick this edit.
